on May 2nd at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las
Vegas at long last Floyd Mayweather will
fight Manny Pacquiao it's the most
anticipated many years expected to break
every pay-per-view record Floyd and
Manny had a press conference here in LA
by the way Floyd and Manny the general
doesn't sound like two guys who fight
does it sounds like guys you'd play
chess with in Washington Square Park and
a before the press conference they held
a red carpet event which to me seems
overly glamorous for guys who wear
shorts to work but they did all the
major sports news outlets were there
including our very own Guillermo you got
time with both fighters correct yes both
all right well here's Guillermo mixing
it up with Floyd Mayweather and Manny
Pacquiao and more hi it's me Guillermo
I'm here me today for money Pacquiao and
Mayweather and I came prepared to ask
them questions
Dominika be heroes Guillermo yes yeah
can you hook me up for tickets this week
over 200,000 you got my ticket yeah I'll
give you a fight right now and then when
you give me the TV agreement do you hold
the numbers for the round for you for
today we're the top-ranked ambassadors
here but for the fights for top ranked
we do all their fights yes and what is
your number
it's random numbers it's different every
time no are you phone number I know who
do you think will win a fight between
Batman and Superman Superman can beat
Batman because Superman have trip
tonight in his body but being a Duke man
they got chippin idea buddy
Superman's be real weak all the time
yeah real weak who do you think is gonna
win the fight
hi you sure hey you wanna fight punch
drink listen watch Jimmy Kimmel every
night you're hearing it from the best
Floyd money Mayweather and guess what
follow this guy - that's right here hold
this me when I got 5 punch you know it's
spinach and tequila
I give it to you for free all right I'll
take it for you I'm ready for your
bodyguard now
how are you good
you know a lot about boxing who is gonna
win the fight me what are you plans for
summer plan for summer go to the beach
and cam and shimmy-shimmy my favorite
food Filipino food and burritos and
boletos I like the highlighter predicted
burritos yeah can you sing a little bit
for me
what sing I don't know what are you
favorite song
it's my birthday today oh happy birthday
to you happy birthday happy birthday
happy birthday to you thank you I wish
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
- tonight tonight
[Applause]
he stole my clothes he stole your
clothes I'm trying to be a security
guard here
yeah well listen now I think we'd be in
a lot better shape of you worse if
you're Benny are you gonna win this
fight please let me know I have by the
way I noticed for that boy keeps
bringing Justin Bieber out in the ring
with him did you have you seen that yeah
will you beat Justin Beiber up - yeah
that's why this very second live on
pay-per-view from Fabulous Las Vegas
Mary you know if you come back tomorrow
we won't need Secret Service to protect
President Obama you can do it with your
fists alone yes yes yeah all right all
right hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks for
watching it means a lot to me and if
you'd like to take our relationship to
the next level click the subscribe
button below
I'll wait for you
[Music]